Sir, wait a minute.
I'll arrange the Panpan meeting first. Okay?
You go first
I'll wait here.
Shen Rong
What are you doing here?
Do you know
Today I will bring
Technology and their families come to this auction
So you sneak in
I want to go in with my power
Hmph, I don't have the ability, and I still want to gather the power of others
I suggest you better recognize that you are a waste
Live this life honestly
This brings together all the celebrities
It's not a place you can stay.
Get out now
I have other ideas
I don't need anyone to point fingers at me yet
I still need to rub your power here
No need to rub against my power
Then how did you get in?
Oh, I see.
You must have snuck in
Do you want to steal something?
steal
Is there anything here worth stealing?
Look at your poverty
Everything here is worth millions.
Even tens of millions
It's an existence you've never seen in your life
Go out later
Don't say you know me
Our Ji family can't afford to lose this person.
You are so undisciplined
I'm willing to degenerate to this point
You and the reason for this
Because you Qingchi stopped me from disciplining him
At least not like this
I'll send him in now
To avoid bigger disasters in the future
My cousin did nothing wrong, why did you kill him?
Hey, hey, brother.
If you dare to come in and steal something today, you will dare to rob it tomorrow.
I'm not talking about technology.
Although it's all for your own good
People just say a few words to you and you talk back
So be it.
My brother and uncle discipline you well
Lock you up for two years
A dog like you can't stop eating shit
Don't give up your seat
Never repent
It's cheap to discipline me.